The Tipping Point
In the edit, a timeline of concepts are put together. The eb and flow of perception are
moved around. Ideally this should occur to capture the original intent. The
intent under which the content was captured.

Authentic means to be as written by the author. It can be said that people
who lie are inauthentic, however if they are willing to be the author of a
lie, it is still authentic. If what they have authoried is wrong, regardless
of the authors knowledge of it, its authenticity is unchanged.

What we choose to author one and the same as authentic. It can be regrettable, incorrect, and
hurtful. It can be joyful, accurate, and healing. The authenticity of it does
not change. 

In talking all the time, in not being filtered, you learn that this
authenticity is not a shield from attacks. Though you accept you might be
wrong, you don't filter. You embrace creating joy as well. 

Yet you will sometimes tell the truth, even if it creates no joy and turns out
to be incorrerct. You will tell a lie even if it will be hurtful too.

These are the choices made in the edit. This is true of what we change in an
email, in your dm, in your profile. As long as you did it, you authored it.
Authentication is the act of verifying authenticity.

This occcurs on a platform that controls appeal and ick. That can edit
content for beginners. a basic splice of timeline with no major cuts, no
filters. well maybe the bright skin filter, the smile filter. boost
vieweership by 70%. The less it is noticed it's a clumsy auto edit the better. the
ability to make these edits in real time without it being trackable. skin
alwys looks good, even in uneven lighting, doesn't darken the spots that make
you not recognise yourself for a moment. and just do that all the time. that's
my filter, that's my brand. That's what I expect from editing tools.

And what if it was targeted editing, slower for some people, faster for
others. this factor alone has increased viewership by 300%.  You're a vip,
this is free.

What if perhaps, there was just less emphasis on unfamiliar terms for other
markets. Saying you had a pop instead of a soda.  Here you had flip flops, not
a thong. You're already opted in. Cancel protection free of charge. Just talk,
they'll all like you. They'll love you, you super star.

What if we ffiltered the coments too. Wouldn't that be good. Wouldn't it be
good if someone had been working on that type of filtering to do this type of
filtering. What if they all just started voting. What if it's been too late
since several hot takes ago. 

What makes you think it's not too late to turn back?
