Game Idea recording: #0001
Nothing (Everything) Goes Wrong
Isometric 3d scenes, hidden parts of a micro story. A detective that can't see
his client is his daughter. Never fully explaining the story.

You are a time traveller. The very first one, Max Ting. Debonair, super, space
pirate. This asexual dynamo will take to tasks with vigor.

His mission is to go back in time to stop BigBadYetToBeDecided. Join him in
his adventures to save his job by rewriting the past.

Hold on though... why when he goes to change something, something almost
miraculous happens to make it not happen. yet it's entirely coincidental every
time.

Each time Max is about to change time, no matter how small, something
stops it. He can run down the street telling the world about the winning lotto
numbers if no one pays attention. 

He knows, he did it. 

Each person in the area did not claimed the lottery prize
for any number of reasons. Sudden and complete hearing loss that went away
after a few minutes. phone rings out of nowhere. poor memory. Mostly people
who heard it, recorded it, and just did nothing about it. Hoinestly, that's
like 80% of people. 

But it only takes one to rememmber it, buy the ticket, claim the prize, and
change the course of time forever.

But this never happened. Not once. Max did this dozens of times. a few dozen
times. he did it a dozen times. But he was convinced!

Something always happened. Max could go up to someone and say "Hey yah there
skipper" as future people talk, "Get these numbers in to memory and buy a
ticket at that vestule behind you! you'll be rich!".

Often he'll be punched in the face. This is just further proof! 

Often he'd run up to a person who was clearly not too busy, offer the
proposition in bold clear language, only to be met with screams and a round of
fighting to break out.

Yet further proof!

80 out of 100 times this happens. 

But 15 out of 100 times, they listen. I see it, they don't punch me or
nothing. 

They remember what I said, they nod, or they dismiss me with a
"Yeargh, I know ya deamon, I'll buy your ticket and be your test" which was
mightly surly sounding coming from an 8 year old.

They buy the ticket though. That 8 year old fought the purveyor of chance
tokens in every avenue to convince him to sell him the ticket. "It's legal for
you to sell it, it's not legal for me to claim it, you legume shaped
tapestry!" he'd bark.

They'd get the ticket. 



