
World Builder Story
By John Power

Hern looked over to their cohort in crime and looked for indicators of progress. If they looked concerned, that's probably alright. They were usually concerned. It was their job to be concerned. They were the concerned one.

If Kel stops being concerned, Hern will have to start doing that job, and they're rubbish at it.

Particularly when Kel is a bit too invested. When Kel gets too enthused, so to speak, it's all the more important that concern is applied to the situation. A lot of concern.

It's not that they were angry or moody. They didn't shake, or yell, or any of that. But it terrifies Hern. Being the terrified one and the concerned one while aiming for the best outcome is not something they have gotten better at.

Right now Hern thought that Kel looked at peace. They are doing what they want to be doing. Hern relaxes and turns back to the work at hand.

"We need to review the electrical plans. I'm concerned after a few months we'll have to start rationing out power. Which I think is fine as a backup plan, but we haven't decided how rationing is going to work for any of our resources. I think power is where we'll find the most efficiency gains right now." said Kel. Not quite an order, not quite just talking out loud.

Hern wrote down the dot points being sure to capture the reasoning. The
justification will need rounding out, but Hern knew the beats. 

It shouldn't be an obstacle. Kel was right of course. They always were.

Kel looked from the monitor to Hern. Hern readied themselves to make notes and listen.

"I was thinking about the Lido Drome the other day. Have you been back recently?" Kel asked.

Hern was taken back. Kel hadn't mentioned what the Lido Drome was related to. Internally Hern started trying to find the obvious connection and couldn't. Their brow furrowing imperceptably, but Kel seemed to react.

As Hern pondered this, Kel waited in the silence comfortably.

"uh..." Hern filled the silence uncomfortably.

"You're from there. I wondered if you had been there recently."

"In relation to..."

This was different behaviour than Hern was used to. A micro panic errupted across their inner landscape.

"You, your family, your experiences and thoughts on it." Kel said plainly.

"Oh. Well, it's good, they're good. I feel... good?" Hern responded.

Kel observed Hern. Hern observed Hern.

They thought that any instant a connection would be made, but it wasn't forthcoming. They weren't too sure what was being asked of them.

"Home is a vast concept. It's important to us, even if we don't want it to be." Kel said.

Was this advice? was it a direction? Are they trying to help me like a wise parent? Are they looking out for me? Hern wondered about the intent and purpose while Kel simply maintained engagement with Hern without saying anything.

Why do they do that, Hern wondered. Sometimes they change modes. Often it's from one of work and planning mode to another. This is different.

They're not instructing them, they're not trying to get information from them. 

Panic set in a little more. Kel remained calm.

"Are you... have a home?" Hern asked. Struggling to find the words.

"I went to Pearls Stop not long back. It's different now. Better in some ways. Mostly still the same. It was a good experience." Kel responded.

Pearls Stop wasn't really known about. Not out of mystery, more just that there would be no reason to want to know. It's a place like a million other places on the ship. People there just needed work a bit harder. That was the general consensus anyway. 

Anyone else saying they had been to Pearls Stop would expect some questions. Inconsiderate ones mostly. Hern was raised better than that though, so resisted the urge to say "THAT MUST BE TOUGH HOW DID YOU FIND BRAVERY?" in a flat and offensive manner. It's not that someone from Pearls Stop is braver or stronger. But, they probably would have to be wouldn't they? Think of all their disadvantages.

"I didn't know you were from Pearls Stop."

"If you had, I'd wonder how you knew to be honest. Why would you know?" Kel asked.

"Well, it's just that, I don't know. I guess I thought you would mention Pearls Stop if you came from Pearls Stop." Hern said.

Kel didn't react or say anything. Not shock, not judgement. Just a sense that there was nothing to say in return. Just acceptance of what Hern had said, and still engaged in a friendly way.










